Superzoom is only for those who has highly confidence in their faces
Oh oops! Too close!
Yo Hi~
Say anything for the camera~
Anything…
They are so into K-drama these days~ and they are trying to do an impression!
Ha Soo Young (Yves real name) has just arrived~
Ha Soo Young ~? If you say my ‘full’ name~…
Ha! Soo! Young ! unni!
Kim Jung Eun!!!( Kim Lip’s real name)
Leaving scratches on their heart with this pointless calling name attack…
This pigeon came out of nowhere!
That pigeon is really~ pretty ~
Yeah! Seriously, prettier than Chuu!
Yeah I know~
Chuu is the easiest to pick on because of her funny reaction!
That pigeon moves his neck better than you~ fancier than you~ more dancing machine~
Suddenly Chuu is opening the window…
Hey~ It’s freezing! Close the window!
Picking on Chuu!
I can open this window, but can’t close-
All right all right just close the window already
I am freezing…
Oh it’s closing, closing~
Thanks a lot ~
The wind closed the window!
And that’s how much the weather is cold right now~
Watch out for the cold~
See you later~~~